Expand constraints docs (#232)
ReactiveBayes/GraphPPL.jl: docs/src/plugins/constraint_specification.md

end
```

## Default constraints
While we can specify constraints over all instances of a submodel at a specific layer of the hierarchy, we're not guaranteed to have all instances of a submodel at a specific layer of the hierarchy. To this extent, we can specify default constraints that apply to all instances of a specific submodel. For example, we can define the following model, where we have a `recursive_model` instance at every layer of the hierarchy:
```@example constraints
@model function recursive_model(n, x, y)

>     z ~ Normal(x, y)
>     if n > 0
>         y ~ recursive_model(n = n - 1, x = x)
>     else
>         y ~ Normal(0, 1)
>     end

Reviewer: `z` is unused, maybe something like
```suggestion
    z ~ Gamma(1, 1)
    if n > 0
        y ~ Normal(recursive_model(n = n - 1, x = x), z)
    else
        y ~ Normal(0, z)
    end
```

end
```
We can specify default constraints over the `recursive_model` submodel using the following code:
```@example constraints
GraphPPL.default_constraints(::typeof(recursive_model)) = @constraints begin
    q(x, y, z) = q(x)q(y)q(z)
end
```
When a model of type `recursive_model` is now created, the default constraints will be applied to all instances of the `recursive_model` submodel. Note that default constraints are overwritten by constraints passed to the top-level model, if they concern the same instance of a submodel.

## Prespecified constraints

> `GraphPPL` provides a set of prespecified constraints that can be used to specify constraints over the variational posterior. These constraint sets are aliases for their corresponding equivalent constriant sets, and can be used for convenience. The following prespecified constraints are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GraphPPL` provides a set of prespecified constraints that can be used to specify constraints over the variational posterior without using the `@constraints` macro. These constraints define aliases for their corresponding equivalent constraint sets, and can be used for convenience. The following prespecified constraints are available:
```
